c:\users\expo1on\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner\BittrexScanner\bin\Release\BittrexScanner.exe.config
c:\users\expo1on\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner\BittrexScanner\bin\Release\BittrexScanner.exe.manifest
c:\users\expo1on\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner\BittrexScanner\bin\Release\BittrexScanner.application
c:\users\expo1on\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner\BittrexScanner\bin\Release\BittrexScanner.exe
c:\users\expo1on\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner\BittrexScanner\bin\Release\BittrexScanner.pdb
c:\users\expo1on\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner\BittrexScanner\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\expo1on\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner\BittrexScanner\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\expo1on\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner\BittrexScanner\obj\Release\BittrexScanner.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\expo1on\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner\BittrexScanner\obj\Release\BittrexScanner.BTRXscanner.resources
c:\users\expo1on\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner\BittrexScanner\obj\Release\BittrexScanner.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\expo1on\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner\BittrexScanner\obj\Release\BittrexScanner.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\expo1on\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner\BittrexScanner\obj\Release\BittrexScanner.exe.manifest
c:\users\expo1on\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner\BittrexScanner\obj\Release\BittrexScanner.application
c:\users\expo1on\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner\BittrexScanner\obj\Release\BittrexScanner.exe
c:\users\expo1on\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner\BittrexScanner\obj\Release\BittrexScanner.pdb
C:\Users\Expo1on\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner +2\BittrexScanner\bin\Release\BittrexScanner.exe.config
C:\Users\Expo1on\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner +2\BittrexScanner\bin\Release\BittrexScanner.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Expo1on\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner +2\BittrexScanner\bin\Release\BittrexScanner.application
C:\Users\Expo1on\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner +2\BittrexScanner\bin\Release\BittrexScanner.exe
C:\Users\Expo1on\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner +2\BittrexScanner\bin\Release\BittrexScanner.pdb
C:\Users\Expo1on\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner +2\BittrexScanner\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Expo1on\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner +2\BittrexScanner\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Expo1on\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner +2\BittrexScanner\obj\Release\BittrexScanner.BTRXscanner.resources
C:\Users\Expo1on\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner +2\BittrexScanner\obj\Release\BittrexScanner.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Expo1on\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner +2\BittrexScanner\obj\Release\BittrexScanner.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Expo1on\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner +2\BittrexScanner\obj\Release\BittrexScanner.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Expo1on\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner +2\BittrexScanner\obj\Release\BittrexScanner.application
C:\Users\Expo1on\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner +2\BittrexScanner\obj\Release\BittrexScanner.exe
C:\Users\Expo1on\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\BittrexScanner +2\BittrexScanner\obj\Release\BittrexScanner.pdb
